updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#17016)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/advanced/opentype-font-features.md

> [!NOTE]
> The Windows SDK contains a set of sample OpenType fonts that you can use with [!INCLUDE[TLA#tla_winclient](../../../../includes/tlasharptla-winclient-md.md)] applications. These fonts provide most of the features illustrated in the rest of this topic. For more information, see [Sample OpenType Font Pack](sample-opentype-font-pack.md).  
  

>  See the [OpenType Specification](https://www.microsoft.com/opentype/otspec/default.htm) for details of the OpenType font format.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details of the OpenType font format, see the [OpenType specification](https://docs.microsoft.com/typography/opentype/spec/).  
```

## See also

- <xref:System.Windows.Documents.Typography>

> - [OpenType Specification](https://www.microsoft.com/opentype/otspec/default.htm)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [OpenType specification](https://docs.microsoft.com/typography/opentype/spec/)
```
